examples/graphcool-demo/README.md, before:

# Admin-on-rest Demo

This is a demo of the [admin-on-rest](https://github.com/marmelab/admin-on-rest) library for React.js. It creates a working administration for a fake poster shop named Posters Galore. You can test it online at http://marmelab.com/admin-on-rest-demo.

[![admin-on-rest-demo](https://marmelab.com/admin-on-rest/img/admin-on-rest-demo-still.png)](https://vimeo.com/205118063)

Admin-on-rest usually requires a REST server to provide data. In this demo however, the REST server is simulated by the browser (using [FakeRest](https://github.com/marmelab/FakeRest)). You can see the source data in [public/data.js](https://github.com/marmelab/admin-on-rest-demo/tree/master/public/data.js).

To explore the source code, start with [src/index.js](https://github.com/marmelab/admin-on-rest-demo/blob/master/src/index.js).

**Note**: This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

## How to run

After having cloned the react-admin repository, run the following commands at the react-admin root:

```sh
make install

make run-demo
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run deploy`

Deploy the build to GitHub gh-pages.

Commit message:

Fix remaining occurrences of admin-on-rest

examples/graphcool-demo/README.md, after:

# React-admin Demo

This is a demo of the [react-admin](https://github.com/marmelab/react-admin) library for React.js. It creates a working administration for a fake poster shop named Posters Galore. You can test it online at http://marmelab.com/react-admin-demo.

[![react-admin-demo](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/img/react-admin-demo-still.png)](https://vimeo.com/268958716)

This app connects to [a GraphCool backend](https://api.graph.cool/simple/v1/cj2kl5gbc8w7a0130p3n4eg78), in GraphQL. You can explore the underlying data using the GraphCool web interface.

To explore the source code, start with [src/App.js](https://github.com/marmelab/react-admin/blob/master/examples/graphcool-demo/src/App.js).

**Note**: This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

## How to run

After having cloned the react-admin repository, run the following commands at the react-admin root:

```sh
make install

make run-graphcool-demo
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run deploy`

Deploy the build to GitHub gh-pages.
